welcome to screen crush i'm ryan eerie
fast and furious 9 is about to come to
theaters and i am excited
these movies are awesome our manager
doug is excited too aren't you doug
i've never seen a fast or furious movie
what no way alright
then buckle up because i'm going to
recap the entire fast saga
and i'm going to skip over a few parts
like villain names and dead guys who
don't matter you ready
let's do it awesome here we go let's go
all the way back to 2001 when a gang of
road agents is using grappling hooks to
steal vcrs and dvd players from moving
trucks the cops sent officer brian
o'connor to infiltrate the world of
street racing and find this gank street
racing is simple there's a quarter mile
stretch of road
two cars go really fast one car falls
behind hits a nos button we use cgi to
travel into the engine and then that car
usually wins
so brian actually is a major gear head
loves cars and loves street racing but
then he falls in love with a girl named
mia her brother dom
is kind of like the king of the streets
and brian is really trying to impress
him and his gang
i take the cash and i take the respect
both so he can solve the investigation
but also because he really wants to be a
part of the cool kid club dom's
girlfriend is named letty who used to
pilot helicopters in space
you should see your faces letty is also
a badass racer eventually brian does
make friends with the group by earning
the trust of dom
together they all compete in a
competition called race wars oh
geez that's unfortunate is it too late
to change the name
why is that a bad thing oh doug you're
so pure and innocent
i'll tell you when you're older first
race war huh anyways brian figures out
the dom's group have actually been the
hijackers
all along but it turns out there's a
worse gang in town so dom and brian team
up to take them down
rather than just arresting dom bryan
agrees to settle the matter of law and
order with a drag race
so the race is a draw when dom gets hit
by a truck so he dies
no he's fine and brian lets him walk
away so brian is now on the run from the
cops because he let dom go
now he's deep in the world of miami
street racing the fbi nab him and want
him to use his street racing skills to
go after drug lord number one
ava mendes is an fbi agent who is
already working undercover in the drug
lord's operation the fbi wants brian to
infiltrate the operation to become a
driver so they can catch the drug lord's
money and weapons and stuff brian
enlists the help of his old friend roman
pierce
years after the two of them had a
falling out and they're also aided by
ludacris's tej parker who is very good
at working with car engines so they get
themselves hired by the drug lord to
drag race and get cars and money and
stuff
but the drug lord is clever and he split
up roman and brian because he doesn't
trust them and now they have these other
dudes in their cars that they have to
shake
using an ejector seat that ludicrous
built for them he's a genius remember so
they're doing the drop and the cops come
after them
drug lord tells ava mendes i was on to
you all along and i fed you wrong
information and she's like oh no i'm
gonna die and then brian drives his car
onto the drug lord's boat and the good
guys win
so he dies no he's fine afterwards brian
and roman get full pardons and they
sneak away some of the money from the
highest like kirk and carve
meanwhile dom and letty have been in the
dominican republic driving around going
to parties
and getting secretly married down in the
dr dom and letty are back to hijacking
trucks with a new crew member han
han is great cool guy always snacking
and is always talking about going to
japan
or they're doing some crazy [ __ ] in
tokyo
that sounds nice doug hopes han has a
nice time in japan
but then letty dies in a car accident oh
no
and dom is able to figure out what
happened with this car csi superpower
kind of like aragorn but with tire
tracks meanwhile brian is working for
the fbi now bringing down drug lord
number two
and guess what what wonder woman is in
this movie and she works for drug lord
number two
that is awesome i know so dom and han
work with brian to infiltrate the drug
lord's operation they win a drag race
which gives them the right to mule
disguise drugs and dom once in on this
because it turns out that this was the
guy
who killed letty then brian reveals that
letty was actually working with the fbi
all along what because she was helping
to bring down drug dealer number two
see letty wasn't just in a car accident
she was shot in the head
so she's dead no she's fine but not
until later so dom gets crazy pissed at
brian but they put aside their
differences to get justice for letty
then wonder woman face turns joins their
crew dom saves brian's life and
dramatically avenges letty
so dom gets away and everything is fine
right
wrong dom crashes his car and lets
himself get arrested and he gets 25
years in jail
that's a sad ending but it's not the
ending because the franchise is just
beginning
now let's talk about fast five the car
went out of train
and then there's a hole in the train and
then
they the car brought the box
this is the movie where the rock proves
that he's franchise viagra
stay out of my way you're welcome dom is
on a prison bus but then brian and mia
free him and they all go on the run
the crew goes on a heist to steal three
cars from a train but it turns out they
were secretly hired by drug lord number
three
he wanted the cars because one of them
has a computer chip that has all of his
data on it his financials
drug information his myspace password
google search history this chip can
totally bring this guy down
enter the rock as agent lou dobbs who's
trying
whoops i meant to say enter the rock as
agent lou hop
such horseshit that was your job who's
trying to bring down dom and his crew
and tracks them all the way to rio
then mia drops her own revelation put
the spirit pregnant
what now this is where the franchise
really starts to connect with its larger
theme
of family family so the crew decides to
rob drug dealer number three using the
information that they got from this
computer chip
they get the whole crew together
including han wonder woman roman and
ludacris
ludacris by the way has moved on from
being an expert gearhead to being a
great hacker
nah it's hooked into a digital sink they
know we were in the system meanwhile han
and wonder woman make googly eyes at
each other
[Music]
hobbs is working with a rio cop named
elena and they're ambushed by drug
dealer number three
and all of hobb's team is killed to get
revenge against drug dealer number three
hobbs offers to help dom and the crew
rob this guy
i'll ride with you toretto
at least until we kill that son of a
[ __ ] big chase scene where they all
drag the drug lord safe through rio
hobbs gets revenge and gives dominus
crew a head start
the way i see it you burn yourself 24
hours but it turns out that the crew
also switched out the drug lord's vault
so now they're all millionaires
and dom goes off to practice making
babies with the rio cop named elena
the end not quite ava mendo shows up at
the rock's office and is like
guess what letty is alive
so a few months go by everyone is rich
and happy brian and mia have a kid named
jack
hobbs is looking into a former british
special ops turned criminal named owen
shaw
and shaw is leading a crew that's
exactly like dom's crew
except they all have like an evil
counterpart and guess who's on this team
your mom nope good one letty is on this
team and she has amnesia
so hobbs gets dom and his crew to help
him take down shaw and recover letty
so it turns out that she feels loyalty
to shaw because he saved her life down
in the dr when i found you in the
hospital and you couldn't remember
anything
i said to myself
this girl has a gift dom tracks down
letty and races against her thinking
that will bring back her memory
[Music]
i was wrong there's a runway chase scene
straight out of toy story 2 where wonder
woman sacrifices herself to save han
[Music]
afterwards letty realizes that even
though she doesn't have her memories she
does have feelings for dom so she
betrays shaw and they escape
afterwards owen shaw is in a coma and
dom breaks up with elena so he can try
to keep jogging letty's memory
with his penis this time it ain't just
about being fast
so wonder woman dies yep at least han
will live a long life to honor her
memory
well funny you should mention that
because now we shift gears to meet
sean boswell a troubled teen but i mean
not really a teen because he's like in
his thirties
more like a teen you'd see in a porno
movie hello my name is says there's
something wrong with dyna carver
sean loves to drag race but he gets into
trouble and has to go live with his
military dad in tokyo so sean gets into
street racing there where the drivers
practice the ancient art of tokyo
drifting which means the cars turn in a
special way
sean faces off against a guy named
takashi and guess who loans him the car
sen no han whoa
so sean starts to work for han and it
turns out that his rival street racer's
uncle
is in the yakuza and they make crime in
japan so during a car
race han's car is t-boned and it
explodes
no yes and then jason statham gets out
of the car he's
deckard shaw brother of owenshaw and
he's sworn revenge on dom
and his entire crew so sean is all sad
that han is dead and he settles things
with takashi by racing him down a
mountain
sean wins and he's the drift king and
then dom shows up to say hey
han was family to me you want a race so
now everyone is at han's funeral and
they're really sad even
letty who still has no idea who these
people are shaw sets off a bomb at dom's
house and also the rock breaks his arm
and is stuck in the hospital
so then the crew are scooped up by a
government agent called mr nobody who
way complicates the plot he tells them
hey there's this evil nigerian terrorist
and he wants this software called the
god's eye what's the gods why
it's this computer program to let you
track down anyone anywhere on the planet
it was created by a programmer named
ramsay who is actually miss sande from
game of thrones
now that is a woman that's worth falling
out of playing for
and now ludacris is a computer genius
and he's able to help them track down
ramsay and get control of the god's eye
cool very cool so all right there's a
lot they drop cars out of planes onto a
mountain
so they die no they're fine they
end up getting the god's eye by fighting
ronda rousey and driving a plane off a
building
twice so they die no they're fine
whoa so they catch deckard but the
terrorist finds them and takes the god's
eye big chase there's a drone and a
stealth helicopter and the rock is
watching all this from the hospital and
finally he's like nah
i gotta do something daddy's gotta go to
work
so don beats deckard in hand-to-hand
combat the terrorist dies and letty
regains all of her memories
all right so dom is on his honeymoon but
he runs into charlie's throne and she's
got dreadlocks oh no
i know hasn't aged well so she says my
name's cypher i'm a global hacker
terrorist and you work for me now then
she shows him some photo
later hobbs recruits dom and his team to
go on a mission but dom
turns heel and betrays his friends hobbs
gets arrested and now he's in jail with
shaw and they hate each other but they
work together to escape so now shaw is
on the team
but he killed han i know but it's fine
so mr nobody and his new sidekick little
nobody recruit hobbs and dom's team to
stop
cipher and cipher has made dom steal
this nuclear football because she wants
to start world war
iii because of reasons so dom goes along
with this but he stops torment giant's
bane from killing letty and cipher's all
like you disobeyed me
now you pay the price then she kills
elena
who she was holding hostage but get this
she's also holding elena's son who has
actually been dom's son but he didn't
know about until this movie
plot twist so cipher and her team go to
a secret russian base where they can
hijack nuclear subs and start world war
three
so then hob shaw dom's crew and little
nobody have to chase them on this
glacier to prevent a nuclear apocalypse
they've come a long way since stealing
dvd players i know right
so shaw saves dom sun so now he's able
to turn on cypher so then she gets a
missile lock on dom who's driving a 68
dodge challenger
ramps over a nuclear submarine and blows
it up
so he dies no he's fine awesome i want
to be like dumb
i love cars i put my head out the window
and smell
all this stuff salumi family cipher gets
away but the family is reunited hobbs is
pardoned but steps away from law
enforcement to raise his daughter
now he's coaching his daughter's soccer
team and it's great
meanwhile a british secret agent injects
herself with the technovirus called the
snowflake to keep it out of the hands of
a terrorist named brixton shaw
shaw's got cybernetic implants that make
him black superman
so it turns out that the agent hattie
shaw is the sister of deckard shaw he
and hobbes reluctantly agree to work
together to stop the virus and stop
black superman's evil plan
and by the way shaw's mom is helen
mirren she's also in this and so is ryan
reynolds he's a cia guy that hobbs knows
and they give hobbs and shaw information
to help them solve the mystery there's
also this weird mysterious overboss who
brixton works for and we only see him or
her
on a computer screen and they know hobbs
and shaw from some other time before
remember me do your hubs
you will kevin hart's also in this movie
for a second
here marshall dinkley at your service
and then the rock takes shaw back to his
home island of samoa where roman reigns
and a bunch of sweaty dudes make booby
traps and dance for the bad guys
until hobbs and shaw team up to defeat
stringer bell and everything is fine
that's nice
what happened to brian you stopped
talking about him oh he decides to
retire and raise his son
so he lives no he dies super sad in real
life it's a very touching tribute to
paul walker and
frankly it gets me every time wait are
you serious
brian dies oh man that's dumb
real life is dumb yes it is and that's
why we love fast and the furious because
it's as far from real life as you can
get well
that's the fast and furious recap if
there's anything you think that we
should have left in let me know in the
comments below or at me on twitter and
if it's your first time here please
subscribe
for screen crush i'm ryan airy
[Music]
you